Princess Qi, you can't be of any help here
You might as well go out for tea and tell right and wrong
Do what you're good at
Concubine Lu, I'm sorry.
I really didn't help much
Why did you let him out?
These days
If it weren't for Princess Qi's saddle in the palace
Stabilize the heart
This palace has long been in chaos
I don't know if you have any real skills
I know how to play prestige here
Empress Lu Fei
It's your son lying in bed, life and death uncertain
I was ordered to save him, not harm him
I have already explained about wearing a mask
Feel free to speculate
But you shouldn't be with Princess Qi
This affects me to rectify him
What's the intention, I don't know
But
You must love your son more than he does
If you want to be sane
Should be on the same side as my doctor
After all, we all hope that King Huai will recover
Princess Chu, you said this
I don't want King Huai to get better
I don't know why you hate me so much
To provoke me again and again
What are you afraid of?
Empress Lu Fei
Please think twice
Never mind.
Don't bother with him
Okay, then I won't do it. I'm sick and dead.
Your heart isn't too damaged.
Coughing up blood
About 7 days.
You can get some control
But it's a long road to treatment.
You must cooperate absolutely
I will give you medicine
But the medicine can't be stopped
Don't stop
If you stop taking it
I really can't save you
Now.
Are you capable of saving me?
Medicine is not absolute
The first half month is the best period for treatment
After surviving, you can decide to be weak.
Even the imperial doctor said that King Huai only had three days left
He said to survive for half a month first